Here I am describing a list of classes and functions in each class I would need to 
write for the motif-mark tool

I will receive two files as my input: a text file containing a list of motifs and 
a fasta file containing a list of sequences.

The classes I would need:

1. Motif class 
    this class will hold the list of motifs
    functions of this class:
    1.1 read .txt file and add motifs to a list

2. MotifMark class  
    this class will process the .fasta file, and create an image with the sequence diagram
    represent as exons, introns, and motifs labelled with different colors
    functions of this class:
    1. Class constuctor: initialize the canvas here so it's available to the entire class. This will 
        allow to finish and save the image from anywhere in the class.
    2. Read the fasta file
    3. Parse fasta file, generate one-line sequences and add them to a list
    4. This part is done either here or in the constructor! (Need to decide) Create canvas for the future picture. I think that the size of the canvas has to be scalable
        depending on the number of the sequences in fasta. Calculate the hight of the canvas by
        multiplying the number of sequences plus the hight of the intron box, plus the margins, plus legend height. Legend height will be the number of sequences multiplied by 
        the height of the legend square, plus margins. 
        Calculate the width of the canvas by taking the length of the longest sequence plus some margins.
    5. Iterate over each sequence and each motif in a nested for loop. When iterations are done, ave the image. 
    6. Parse each sequence to find introns and exons. I think I only really need to find exons. First,
        call a function that draws a line of the sequence length on canvas. Then parse the sequence string and find begining and end of each exon.
        Begining will be a first index of the capital character, end will be the last. Send these two values into a function that will draw a rectangle over the line. 
    7. Find motifs in each sequence. Every time motif is founded, pass it's begining and end to a function that draws a rectangle on the current line.
    8. Draw a rectangle takes coordinates of the begining and the end of a rectangle and draws it on the current line.


    